Ingredients explained
Search
Products Ingredients Decode INCI Login  Register
Nude Perfect Cleanse Omega Cleansing Jelly
Nude
Perfect Cleanse Omega Cleansing Jelly
A daily all-natural cleanser with omegas, orange extract and annatto seed extract that transforms from an airy gel to a soft milk, melting away face and eye makeup.
Uploaded by: virdias on 01/03/2017
Ingredients overview
Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Iris Florentina Root Extract, Tocopherol, Bixa Orellana Seed Extract, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Fruit Extract, Arctium Lappa Root Extract, Glycerin, Coco-Caprylate, Sucrose Palmitate, Sucrose Laurate, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Fragrance (Parfum), Limonene
Read more on how to read an ingredient list >>
Compare  Report Error  Embed
Highlights
#alcohol-free
Key Ingredients
Antioxidant: Tocopherol, Arctium Lappa Root Extract, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract
Skin-identical ingredient: Glycerin
Soothing: Arctium Lappa Root Extract, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract
Show all ingredients by function

Skim through
Ingredient name	what-it-does	irr., com.	ID-Rating
Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil	emollient	0, 0	goodie
Iris Florentina Root Extract			
Tocopherol	antioxidant	0-3, 0-3	goodie
Bixa Orellana Seed Extract			
Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Fruit Extract			
Arctium Lappa Root Extract	antioxidant, soothing		goodie
Glycerin	skin-identical ingredient, moisturizer/​humectant	0, 0	superstar
Coco-Caprylate	emollient		
Sucrose Palmitate	emollient, emulsifying, surfactant/​cleansing		
Sucrose Laurate	emollient, emulsifying, surfactant/​cleansing		
[more]
Nude Perfect Cleanse Omega Cleansing Jelly
Ingredients explained
Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil - goodie
Also-called: Sunflower Oil | What-it-does: emollient | Irritancy: 0  | Comedogenicity: 0 
Sunflower does not need a big intro as you probably use it in the kitchen as cooking oil, or you munch on the seeds as a healthy snack or you adore its big, beautiful yellow flower during the summer - or you do all of these and probably even more. And by even more  we mean putting it all over your face as sunflower oil is one of the most commonly used plant oils in skincare.

It’s a real oldie: expressed directly from the seeds, the oil is used not for hundreds but thousands of years. According to The National Sunflower Association, there is evidence that both the plant and its oil were used by American Indians in the area of Arizona and New Mexico about 3000 BC. Do the math: it's more than 5000 years – definitely an oldie.

Expand to read more

Iris Florentina Root Extract
Also-called: Iris Florentina Extract
 We don't have description for this ingredient yet.

Tocopherol - goodie
Also-called: Vitamin E | What-it-does: antioxidant | Irritancy: 0-3  | Comedogenicity: 0-3 
Primary fat-soluble antioxidant in our skin
Significant photoprotection against UVB rays
Vit C + Vit E work in synergy and provide great photoprotection
Has emollient properties
Easy to formulate, stable and relatively inexpensive
Read all the geeky details about Tocopherol here >>
[more]
You may also want to take a look at...
  
We do a Best of INCIDecoder email once a month with the most interesting products and ingredients we bump into.
Your email address
*INCI is a list of the standardized and internationally accepted names used in the declaration of ingredients on cosmetic and personal care products. It is published by the Personal Care Product Council.
Copyright 2025 | About